Thoughts for the playbook
- for repo-specific examples - should be in the cursorrules, but have more general prompts
- Have a testing cursorrules is needed to be specific (need to have a section about the different cursorrules files with globs)
- note in playbook about general prompts vs repo-specific prompting
- I like the format of:

```
INITIAL RULES:
ANALYSIS PHASE:
IMPLEMENTATION PHASE:
VERIFICATION AND COMPLETION PHASE:
```


**Bens notes on testing:**

It's not a good practice to let these agents generate their own tests - they are marking their own homework and they create brittle tests that break when you refactor.  Good testing practice for tests to be functional and to enable changes and/or refactoring with confidence

Instead 
- **Put the time** into clear prompts and cursor rules to instruct them how to create tests.
- **Put the time** into reviewing the tests and changing them as necessary.
- Think of this step as the QA step of the agent.
- On the positive note - its still quicker than doing it manually

TODO - it might be better to use "end to end" test frameworks like playwright, cypress, rest assured to do test automation of the app, instead of code testing ("unit" or "integration" testing) and mocking. Also, this could lend itself to test first / TDD if desired.   AgentQL. Using Figma diagrams to generate playwright tests

pyramid inverted - but that's fine. What matters is the outcome (regression)

TODO - playbook updates on testing and refactor - review as team