## Prompting Strategy for Testing Refactoring

I took the rationale that large scale testing changes very complex and should probably be broken into multiple prompts.
1. Identify problems within tests and try and rationalise a solution
2. Implement the solution

As there is an existing codebase with various implementation patters which we want to control more we added in additional prompting elements like 'create a full analyse', 'request feedback before proceeding'.

This created a methodology where the LLM would firstly go off and do a thorough analysis of the situation and report findings before changing any code. Then present the info for feedback.

When the task became very complex - such as in a large refactor - having the LLM do a analysis, determine several root causes and then propose various methods to explore. You could be much more confident in the code change.

If you were doing this yourself you wouldn't just immediately change the code.

## Generalising this

For complex tasks I do like the pattern of splitting up the task into an analysis and implementation step - very much like we do with designing a PRD.

Having the LLM do an analysis of the problem de-risks the code changes it makes.

Asking you for feedback allows you to course correct the LLM if it missed crucial information.

The LLM is also happy to output markdown files to a /reports folder

### Prompting for bug fixes

Whilst refactoring the tests the LLM noticed an incorrect implementation of the code (exception handling was off). I prompted to make a bug report for the code as we were just fixing the tests at present.

it made a comprehensive bug fix report which we could potentially just give to the llm as it has file names, locations, the issue is was causing and ideas on how to fix


## refactoring:  
General "please refactor the codebase" prompts do not work well. We have much more success when we instruct the model on specific things we want it to refactor.  We have got a example prompt too - but its to clean up specific files or groups of files
