- Keep making documentation about elements like the data model. As you are hands off it’s really easy to lose track of what is going on.
- Constantly refactoring code is a must to keep consistency of style high. Else you’ll get different ways of doing things.
- Do you want relatively small files to ensure differential chunking?
- Using git diff is essential to see the changes made
- Keeping all the context of the app in your head is really hard - This is an unsolved problem
- Windsurf chat has a really good ability to critique codebases without changing files

**Do we want to make a check-structures style prompt**
- Define how the data model looks directly from the DB
- Define how the data model looks based on the docs
- Define how the data model looks based on the code usage
- Compare and contrast and create a report of the difference

**Do we want to do the same with some of the other logic too??**

**Hypothesis** - we are experiencing multiple smaller changes to the codebase eventually changing many files leading to issues - We think that this might be that AI tools are speeding up this loop which makes it appear like it's constantly needing refactoring.


**Some notes from Ben**
Splitting up the classifications and multiple standards into two sections in the PRD made a big difference. Giving it one requirement at a time. Again, the old rules apply - splitting up stores and scope correctly. MVP's. Thin Slices.

We need to add git hooks to python projects, along with fixing the linting

Going forward - RED, GREEN, REFACTOR concept - (although it might be CODE TEST REFACTOR) - the important point is to refactor at the end of each feature. 

Possible prompt (needs trying)
``` 
review and refactor the code base. ensure consistent design patterns and conventions are being used throughout the code base. value readability and consistency over anything else
```


